_pages/people.md, before:

---
layout: people
title: People
permalink: /people/
people:
    - name: Dr Javier Escudero Rodriguez 
      image: /images/people/javier.png
      position: Group leader
      description: Javier leads a research group focused on developing and applying signal processing algorithms to biomedical data.
      twitter: jescrod
      email: javier.escudero@ed.ac.uk
      linkedin: jescuder
    - name: Dr Shima Abdullateef
      image: /images/people/shima.jpg
      position: Postdoc
      description: Shima is a postdoctoral research fellow based at Usher institute. Her research is developing an automated seizure detection method with minimal EEG montage. 
      twitter: ShimaAbdullate1
      email: sabdull2@exseed.ed.ac.uk
      linkedin: shima-abdullateef-913375106
    - name: Dr John Stewart Fabila Carrasco
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: Postdoc
      description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean at nisl sed leo aliquet varius non varius enim. Maecenas sed diam tortor. Vivamus molestie est et rhoncus laoreet. Phasellus finibus tincidunt magna, sed tincidunt ante feugiat nec. Aenean eu felis vel nisi convallis dictum. Donec ut tellus quis dui gravida ullamcorper.
      email: john.fabila@ed.ac.uk
    - name: Dr Evangelos Kafantaris
      image: /images/people/evangelos.jpg
      position: Alumni
      description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean at nisl sed leo aliquet varius non varius enim. Maecenas sed diam tortor. Vivamus molestie est et rhoncus laoreet. Phasellus finibus tincidunt magna, sed tincidunt ante feugiat nec. Aenean eu felis vel nisi convallis dictum. Donec ut tellus quis dui gravida ullamcorper.
    - name: Dr Noramon Dron
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: Alumni
      description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean at nisl sed leo aliquet varius non varius enim. Maecenas sed diam tortor. Vivamus molestie est et rhoncus laoreet. Phasellus finibus tincidunt magna, sed tincidunt ante feugiat nec. Aenean eu felis vel nisi convallis dictum. Donec ut tellus quis dui gravida ullamcorper.
    - name: Melissa Fasol
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean at nisl sed leo aliquet varius non varius enim. Maecenas sed diam tortor. Vivamus molestie est et rhoncus laoreet. Phasellus finibus tincidunt magna, sed tincidunt ante feugiat nec. Aenean eu felis vel nisi convallis dictum. Donec ut tellus quis dui gravida ullamcorper.
      twitter: melissafasol
      linkedin: melissa-fasol-200786173
      email: s1660428@sms.ed.ac.uk
    - name: Avalon Campbell-Cousin
      image: /images/people/avalon.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: Avalon Campbell-Cousins is a PhD student in the Department of Engineering at the University of Edinburgh. His research focuses on how graph and network theory can be harnessed to analyze functional and structural MRI images, with the aim to develop graph measures sensitive to diseases such as Alzheimer’s.
      email: avalon.campbell-cousins@ed.ac.uk
      linkedin: avalon-campbell-cousins-48457319b
    - name: Iris Soare-Nguyen
      image: /images/people/iris2.jpg
      position: PhD Student
      description: Iris is a PhD student with background in Mechatronic Engineering and Control Theory. Her work consists in simulating network control using epileptic EEG dynamic connectivity with the purpose of steering connectivity away from the ictal state. 
      email: i.l.soare@sms.ed.ac.uk 
      linkedin: iris-lucia-soare-engineering
      twitter: LucyIrisS
    - name: Hollan Haule
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean at nisl sed leo aliquet varius non varius enim. Maecenas sed diam tortor. Vivamus molestie est et rhoncus laoreet. Phasellus finibus tincidunt magna, sed tincidunt ante feugiat nec. Aenean eu felis vel nisi convallis dictum. Donec ut tellus quis dui gravida ullamcorper.
      twitter: hollanhaule
      linkedin: hollanhaule
      email: s1607398@ed.ac.uk
    - name: Tom Denker
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean at nisl sed leo aliquet varius non varius enim. Maecenas sed diam tortor. Vivamus molestie est et rhoncus laoreet. Phasellus finibus tincidunt magna, sed tincidunt ante feugiat nec. Aenean eu felis vel nisi convallis dictum. Donec ut tellus quis dui gravida ullamcorper.
      email: t.d.denker@sms.ed.ac.uk
    - name: Bartłomiej Chybowski
      image: /images/people/bart.jpg
      position: PhD Student
      description: Bart is a PhD student. His research interests lie at the intersection of computational neuroscience, data science and programming. He is particularly interested in analysing electroencephalogram signals (EEG).
      email: b.s.chybowski@sms.ed.ac.uk 
      linkedin: bartlomiejchybowski/
      twitter: bartchybowski
    - name: Boyi Zhang
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean at nisl sed leo aliquet varius non varius enim. Maecenas sed diam tortor. Vivamus molestie est et rhoncus laoreet. Phasellus finibus tincidunt magna, sed tincidunt ante feugiat nec. Aenean eu felis vel nisi convallis dictum. Donec ut tellus quis dui gravida ullamcorper.
      email: b.zhang-57@sms.ed.ac.uk


---

Commit message:

update Hollan, John and publications

_pages/people.md, after:

---
layout: people
title: People
permalink: /people/
people:
    - name: Dr Javier Escudero Rodriguez 
      image: /images/people/javier.png
      position: Group leader
      description: Javier leads a research group focused on developing and applying signal processing algorithms to biomedical data.
      twitter: jescrod
      email: javier.escudero@ed.ac.uk
      linkedin: jescuder
    - name: Dr Shima Abdullateef
      image: /images/people/shima.jpg
      position: Postdoc
      description: Shima is a postdoctoral research fellow based at Usher institute. Her research is developing an automated seizure detection method with minimal EEG montage. 
      twitter: ShimaAbdullate1
      email: sabdull2@exseed.ed.ac.uk
      linkedin: shima-abdullateef-913375106
    - name: Dr John Stewart Fabila-Carrasco
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: Postdoc
      description: John is currently a Postdoctoral Researcher at the School of Informatics. His research interests lie in spectral graph theory, specifically focusing on the discrete magnetic Laplacian and graph signal processing applications.
      email: john.fabila@ed.ac.uk
    - name: Dr Evangelos Kafantaris
      image: /images/people/evangelos.jpg
      position: Alumni
      description: -
    - name: Dr Noramon Dron
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: Alumni
      description: -
    - name: Avalon Campbell-Cousin
      image: /images/people/avalon.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: Avalon Campbell-Cousins is a PhD student in the Department of Engineering at the University of Edinburgh. His research focuses on how graph and network theory can be harnessed to analyze functional and structural MRI images, with the aim to develop graph measures sensitive to diseases such as Alzheimer’s.
      email: avalon.campbell-cousins@ed.ac.uk
      linkedin: avalon-campbell-cousins-48457319b
    - name: Iris Soare-Nguyen
      image: /images/people/iris2.jpg
      position: PhD Student
      description: Iris is a PhD student with background in Mechatronic Engineering and Control Theory. Her work consists in simulating network control using epileptic EEG dynamic connectivity with the purpose of steering connectivity away from the ictal state. 
      email: i.l.soare@sms.ed.ac.uk 
      linkedin: iris-lucia-soare-engineering
      twitter: LucyIrisS
    - name: Hollan Haule
      image: /images/people/hollan.jpg
      position: PhD Student
      description: Hollan Haule is a PhD student at The University of Edinburgh. His research focuses on developing machine learning techniques for analysis of ICU patient physiological time series data.
      twitter: hollanhaule
      linkedin: hollanhaule
      email: s1607398@ed.ac.uk
    - name: Tom Denker
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: -
      email: t.d.denker@sms.ed.ac.uk
    - name: Bartłomiej Chybowski
      image: /images/people/bart.jpg
      position: PhD Student
      description: Bart is a PhD student. His research interests lie at the intersection of computational neuroscience, data science and programming. He is particularly interested in analysing electroencephalogram signals (EEG).
      email: b.s.chybowski@sms.ed.ac.uk 
      linkedin: bartlomiejchybowski/
      twitter: bartchybowski
    - name: Boyi Zhang
      image: /images/people/generic.png
      position: PhD Student
      description: -
      email: b.zhang-57@sms.ed.ac.uk
---
