_pages/publications.md, before:

---
layout: publications
title: Publications
permalink: /publications/
publications: 
  - title: >
      PP222 [Emerging Sciences/Technology» Innovations]: A WINDOW IN THE BRAIN: DETECTING SEIZURES USING 8-CHANNELS EEG MONTAGE AND PHASE SYNCHRONISATION
    url: "https://scholar.google.com/scholar?oi=bibs&cluster=8397454165798725475&btnI=1&hl=en"
    authors: S Abdullateef, V Rae, B Jordan, A Mclellan, J Escudero, V Nenadovic, TM Lo
    journal: Pediatric Critical Care Medicine
    description: >
      Seizures may be detected by calculating Phase synchrony (PS) changes on multi-channels electroencephalograms (EEG). This quantitative method of seizure detection is currently not translated into clinical use in paediatric critical care (PCC) settings because it requires a minimum of 19 EEG channels, which is not deliverable without a round-the-clock neurophysiology service. In this project, we aim to determine the seizure detection performance of PS calculations using only 8 channels of routinely collected EEG as the first step towards assessing the feasibility of using PS calculation to seizure detection in PCC settings. 
  - title: A noise-robust Multivariate Multiscale Permutation Entropy for two-phase flow characterisation
    url: https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09030
    authors: John Stewart Fabila-Carrasco, Chao Tan, Javier Escudero
    journal: arXiv preprint arXiv:2210.09030
    description: >
      Using a graph-based approach, we propose a multiscale permutation entropy to explore the complexity of multivariate time series over multiple time scales. This multivariate multiscale permutation entropy (MPEG) incorporates the interaction between channels by constructing an underlying graph for each coarse-grained time series and then applying the recent permutation entropy for graph signals. Given the challenge posed by noise in real-world data analysis, we investigate the robustness to noise of MPEG using synthetic time series and demonstrating better performance than similar multivariate entropy metrics. Two-phase flow data is an important industrial process characterised by complex, dynamic behaviour. MPEG characterises the flow behaviour transition of two-phase flow by incorporating information from different scales. The experimental results show that MPEG is sensitive to the dynamic of flow patterns, allowing us to distinguish between different flow patterns.
---
You can find a full list of our publications [here](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=sIBtm3AAAAAJ&hl=en).

Commit message:

update Hollan, John and publications

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
layout: publications
title: Publications
permalink: /publications/
publications: 
  - title: Dispersion entropy for graph signals
    url: "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chaos.2023.113977"
    authors: John Stewart Fabila-Carrasco, Chao Tan, Javier Escudero
    journal: Chaos, Solitons & Fractals
    description: >
      We present a novel method, called Dispersion Entropy for Graph Signals, , as a powerful tool for analysing the irregularity of signals defined on graphs. generalizes the classical dispersion entropy concept for univariate time series, enabling its application in diverse domains such as image processing, time series analysis, and network analysis. Furthermore, establishes a theoretical framework that provides insights into the irregularities observed in graph centrality measures and in the spectra of operators acting on graphs. We demonstrate the effectiveness of in detecting changes in the dynamics of signals defined on both synthetic and real-world graphs, by defining a mix process on random geometric graphs or those exhibiting small-world properties. Our results indicate that effectively captures the irregularity of graph signals across various network configurations, successfully differentiating between distinct levels of randomness and connectivity. Consequently, provides a comprehensive framework for entropy analysis of various data types, enabling new applications of dispersion entropy not previously feasible, and uncovering nonlinear relationships between graph signals and their graph topology.
  - title: A WINDOW IN THE BRAIN: DETECTING SEIZURES USING 8-CHANNELS EEG MONTAGE AND PHASE SYNCHRONISATION
    url: "https://doi.org/10.1097/01.pcc.0000900724.06429.b1"
    authors: S Abdullateef, V Rae, B Jordan, A Mclellan, J Escudero, V Nenadovic, TM Lo
    journal: Pediatric Critical Care Medicine
    description: >
      Seizures may be detected by calculating Phase synchrony (PS) changes on multi-channels electroencephalograms (EEG). This quantitative method of seizure detection is currently not translated into clinical use in paediatric critical care (PCC) settings because it requires a minimum of 19 EEG channels, which is not deliverable without a round-the-clock neurophysiology service. In this project, we aim to determine the seizure detection performance of PS calculations using only 8 channels of routinely collected EEG as the first step towards assessing the feasibility of using PS calculation to seizure detection in PCC settings. 
  - title: A noise-robust Multivariate Multiscale Permutation Entropy for two-phase flow characterisation
    url: https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.09030
    authors: John Stewart Fabila-Carrasco, Chao Tan, Javier Escudero
    journal: arXiv preprint arXiv:2210.09030
    description: >
      Using a graph-based approach, we propose a multiscale permutation entropy to explore the complexity of multivariate time series over multiple time scales. This multivariate multiscale permutation entropy (MPEG) incorporates the interaction between channels by constructing an underlying graph for each coarse-grained time series and then applying the recent permutation entropy for graph signals. Given the challenge posed by noise in real-world data analysis, we investigate the robustness to noise of MPEG using synthetic time series and demonstrating better performance than similar multivariate entropy metrics. Two-phase flow data is an important industrial process characterised by complex, dynamic behaviour. MPEG characterises the flow behaviour transition of two-phase flow by incorporating information from different scales. The experimental results show that MPEG is sensitive to the dynamic of flow patterns, allowing us to distinguish between different flow patterns.
---
You can find a full list of our publications [here](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=sIBtm3AAAAAJ&hl=en).
